Twitter API
First, I apply for a twitter account with my bu email and then apply for API access,which needs me to enter many information and purposes of applying twitter API.
After my account have been approved, I read the Official tools and libraries about Python
I used "pip install searchtweets" to install searchtweets library
also used "pip install tweepy"
then I downloaded the tweetAPIexample.py
I copy the Customer Key, Customer Secret, Access key, and Access Secret which can be found on Twitter API main website.
Copy these key to Twitter API credentials. 
Everyone has individual key, and should not be shared with others.
I faced a mistake about I am using python3, print statements now require ().
I need to add it to my code.
After that, I changed file = open('tweet.LBJ','w')
and also changed the last line to get_all_tweets("@kingjames"), as I am his big fan.
Finally, it can run out the result file called tweet.LBJ


Google NLP
First, I found this website https://cloud.google.com/natural-language/docs/reference/libraries?authuser=1
This page shows how to get started with the Cloud Client Libraries for the Cloud Natural Language API。
First installing the client library.
use "pip install --upgrade google-cloud-language"
Next, setting up authentication. To run the client library, I must first set up authentication by creating a service account and setting an environment variable.
In the Cloud Console, go to the Create service account key page.
Go to the Create Service Account Key page
From the Service account list, select New service account.
In the Service account name field, enter a name.
From the Role list, select Project - Owner.
Finally, click Create. A JSON file that contains the key automatic downloads to my computer.
Provide authentication credentials to your application code by setting the environment variable GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS. 
Replace [PATH] with the file path of the JSON file that contains your service account key.
This is my example: export GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS="/home/ece-student/Desktop/EC 601-99508024406f.json"
Then using the client library.
I change the 'Hello, world!' to 'hi'
Finally, it can run out the result contains Text and Sentiment.
